WE'RE BACK WITH DAVE CHAPPELLE.
YOU ORIGINALLY, WHEN WERE YOU
SMALL CHILD YOU LIVED IN
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, MARYLAND.
>> YEAH, SILVER SPRING.
>> Stephen: BETHESDA, AND BUT
THEN YOU MOVED TO YELLOW
SPRINGS, OHIO, RIGHT.
>> MY PARENTS SPLIT UP.
I STAYED WITH MY MOTHER BUT I
WOULD GO TO OHIO WITH HER IN THE
SUMMER AND ON VACATIONS.
>> Stephen: YOU LIVE IN YELLOW
SPRINGS NOW, DON'T YOU.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> Stephen: WELL, YOU
MADE-- YOU MADE A LITTLE BIT OF
NEWS THIS PAST SPRING WHEN YOU
WENT TO A TOWNHALL MEETING.
>> I DID DO THAT.
>> Stephen: WENT TO A TOWNHALL
MEETING IN YELLOW SPRINGS, OHIO.
(APPLAUSE)
WHICH IS GREAT.
THIS IS-- THAT IS REAL POLITICS.
>> THAT'S REAL POLITICS.
>> I ABSOLUTELY AGREE WITH IT.
>> Stephen: THAT IS CARING
ABOUT YOUR COMMUNITY.
WHAT WERE YOU THERE TO TALK
ABOUT?
>> SMALL TOWNS, LIKE 3600
PEOPLE.
THERE WAS A NEW YEAR'S EVE
CELEBRATION THAT IS NOT REALLY
SANCTIONED BY THE TOWN BUT IT IS
HILARIOUS AND WE DO IT EVERY
YEAR LIKE A LITTLE DISCO BALL
DROPS IN FRONT OF THE BNG AND
THE WHOLE TOWN COMES OUT.
AND EVERYONE WAS LIKE [BLEEP]
SAFE.
AND THE POLICE CAME THROUGH,
MAYBE TEN AFTER MIDNIGHT WHILE
EVERYONE WAS IN THE STREETS,
HUGGING AND KISSING.
BY THE WAY I SHOULD TELL YOU,
THIS IS LEAK IN THE MIDDLE OF
TRUMP COUNTRY.
BUT CULTURALLY THERE IS LIKE A
BERNIE SANDERS IN THE TRUMP-- .
>> Stephen: 3600 IS A SMALL
TOWN.
>> IT IS A SMALL TOWN.
>> Stephen: A UNIVERSITY TOWN.
>> IT USED TO BE.
ANT YOK UNIVERSITY USED TO BE
THERE, JOHN LITHGOW IS FROM THAT
TOWN, COR ETA SCOLT KING, IT IS
A SUB VERSIVE, WEIRD PLACE.
AND.
>> Stephen: THE AUSTIN OF
OHIO.
>> IN A WAY, VERY MUCH SO.
WITH NONE OF THE MONEY AND FUN
STUFF TO DO AT NIGHT.
>> Stephen: BUT THE NEW YEAR'S
EVE PARTY.
>> THIS IS LIKE THE BIG DAS, SO
THE POLICE CAME THROUGH AND
BUSTED IT UP.
AND A GUY, APPARENTLY, I DON'T
KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
BUT SOME GUY GOT TASTED.
>> Stephen: FOR DOING WHAT?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK THE POLICE TRYING TO GET
OUT OF CAR AND HE HELD THE DOOR
SHUT OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
AND THEY TASED HIM AND THE CROWD
WAS DRUNK AND THEN THE
POLICE-- THE FEELING IN TOWN IS
THE POLICE GENERALLY OVERREACTED
BECAUSE THEY WERE NOT CULTURALLY
SENSITIVE TO HOW THE TOWN
FUNCTIONS.
NOW I PERSONALLY LIKE THE ACTING
CHIEF OF POLICE BUT THEY MADE A
HUGE MISTAKE.
IT WAS REALLY LIKE COME ON, MAN,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING.
SO PEOPLE WENT AND VOICED THEIR
OPINIONS.
IT SEEMED STRANGE IF IT IS ON
THE NEWS, BUT IN THE TOWN, IT IS
JUST LIKE IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL AM
LIKE EVERYBODY KNOWS, IT'S LIKE
THE SIMPSONS.
YOU SEE THE SAME PEOPLE EVERY
DAY AND I'M LIKE THE LOCAL
CRUSTY THE CLOWN.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: ALL RIGHT, 30
YEARS IN, 30 YEARS IN, OKAY SO
30 YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF DOING
COMEDY, ARE YOU DOING THESE NOW
16 DAYS.
THERE ARE A LOT OF MUSICIANS.
>> COMEDIANS DRK DSH LIKE, THIS
WILL BE THE FIRST TIME THAT ME
AND CHRIS ROCK HAVE EVER
OFFICIALLY HEADLINED TOGETHER.
(APPLAUSE)
AND.
>> Stephen: YOU GOT THE
CHANCE, THE ROOTS, ERICA BADOU,
SOLANGE AS YOU SAID WILL BE
JOINING YOU.
GOOD LUCK WITH THE RUN.
I'M SURE IT WILL BE GREAT.
I'M HOPING I GET IT A CHANCE TO
SEE IT.
>> I WOULD LOVE IF YOU COME.
YOU SHOULD JUST POP BY AND DO
LIKE FIVE MINUTES.
(APPLAUSE)
IT WOULD BE GREAT.
>> Stephen: I WOULD LOVE IT.
>> WE DO A THING AT THE SHOW, AT
MY CONCERTS WHERE NOBODY HAS A
CELL PHONE SO ALL THIS, YOU
KNOW, COMEDIAN WITCH-HUNT STUFF
DOESN'T HAPPEN AT MY SHOW.
HAVE I A WIDE MARGIN OF ERROR
AND A LOT OF CRAZY THINGS GET
SAID AND DONE.
IT IS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR ARTISTS
TO REALLY FLEX THEIR MUSCLES
WITHOUT THE FEAR OF THE
REPERCUSSIONS OF THE OVERLY
SENSITIVE.
AND WE ALL GOT TO KIND OF
RECALIBRATE OUR EARS A LITTLE
BIT SO THAT WE CAN ACTUALLY HEAR
EACH OTHER AND UNDERSTAND EACH
OTHER.
AND I THINK COMEDY AND MUSIC IS
ONE OF THE BEST WAYS TO DO THAT.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: I THINK I SPEAK
FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE, I THINK I
SPEAK FOR A LOT OF PEOPLING AND
I KNOW YOU HAVE BEEN BACK FOR
AWHILE BUT TO SAY, I'M GLAD YOU
AREK BA, BUT I NEED TO ASK YOU
HOW BACK ARE YOU, CUZ I DON'T
WANT TO FALL IN LOVE AND LOSE
YOU AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
I MIGHT SAY OH, I LOVE DAVE
CHAPPELL, I LOVE WATCHING HIS
COMEDY AND THE NEXT THING YOU
KNOW YOU'VE GONE OUT FOR A PACK
OF SMOKES AND ARE GONE FOR 15
YEARS.
HOW BACK ARE YOU.
>> I'M AROUND.
I NEVER REALLY GO AWAY.
I POP UP ALL OVER THE COUNTRY.
AND I HAVE BEEN REAL GRATEFUL
BECAUSE WHEN I DO POP UP, PEOPLE
STILL COME OUT AND WE HAVE A
GREAT TIME.
I GOT TO TELL YOU, I'VE BEEN
WATCHING YOU MAN FOR YEARS.
AND I REALLY DO THINK YOU ARE
ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT VOICES
COMEDY HAS.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: WHY THANK YOU,
THANK YOU SO MUCH, DAVE
CHAPPELLE, AT RADIO CITY MUSIC
HALL THROUGH AUGUST 24th.
WE'LL BE BACK WITH JAMES VAN
DEER BEEK.